¡°Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.¡±
Napoleon Hill 
Ask yourself ¡°What are you waiting for?¡± If you say ¡°better timing¡± the answer is ¡°you are afraid¡±. Measure the cost of inaction. Understand the unlikelihood of ¡°mistakes¡± and ¡°missteps¡± ruining your life and do what successful people do: Action
Tim Feriss
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Buddha
Action seems to follow feeling but really action and feeling go together, and by regulating the action which is under the more direct control of the will, we can indirectly  regulate the feeling, which  is not. So the voluntary path to cheerfulness is to sit up cheerfully and to act and speak as if cheerfulness were already there
William James 
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions
Confucius
Great acts are made up of small deeds. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step 
Lao Tzu 
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve! 
Andrew Carnegie
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done
Bruce Lee
Get busy. Your blood with start circulating, your mind will start ticking and this whole positive upsurge of life will drive worry form your mind. Keep busy. It¡¯s the cheapest kind of medicine on this world and one of the best
Dale Carnegie 
What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life? How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to? 
Tony Robbins
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you ---- Thomas Jefferson
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put one's thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Begin with the end in mind. If you know your destination, you can better understand where you are now. And then you can make the decision to get yourself moving forward in the right direction
Stephen Covey 
Write down the result you desire. Then write down the actions that will get you to that result. Then do those things
Stephen Covey 
You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.
Paulo Coelho 
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch
Jim Rohn
¡°There is only one way to learn. It's through action. Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.¡±
Paulo Coelho
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. Knowing is not enough! You must take action.
Tony Robbins
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our habits. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently
Tony  Robbins
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action Benjamin Disraeli
You can never go somewhere you¡¯ve never been without doing something you¡¯ve never done 
Chris Paul 
Everytime we lose, I ask myself ¡°what MORE could I have done?¡±
Chris Paul 
¡°Making a decision was only the beginning of things. When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that will carry him to places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision.¡±
Paulo Coelho
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
Andrew Carnegie
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action
Peter Drucker
Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives
Tony Robbins
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular
Tony Robbins
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors
Tony Robbins
It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off. You cannot make progress without making decisions. Jim Rohn