¡°My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.¡± 
¡ª Abraham Lincoln
¡°Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.¡± 
¡ª Abraham Lincoln
¡°A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.¡± 
¡ª George R.R. Martin
¡°The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.¡±  
¡ª Dr. Seuss
¡°Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.¡± 
¡ª Margaret Fuller
¡°Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one¡¯s own self.¡± 
¡ª Franz Kafka
¡°What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!¡± 
¡ª Thomas Babington Macaulay 
¡°Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.¡± 
¡ª Joyce Carol Oates
¡°A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.¡± 
¡ª William Styron 
¡°A room without books is like a body without a soul.¡± 
¡ª Cicero
¡°Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.¡±
¡ª Mark Twain
¡°If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.¡± 
¡ª Haruki Murakami 
¡°If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.¡± 
¡ª Toni Morrison
¡°Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.¡± 
¡ª Charles William Eliot
¡°A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.¡± 
¡ª George R.R. Martin 
¡°I cannot live without books.¡± 
¡ª Thomas Jefferson
¡°Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.¡± 
¡ª Stephen King
¡°You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, or who had ever been alive.¡± 
¡ª James Baldwin
¡°I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.¡± 
¡ª Ralph Waldo Emerson
¡°There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island and best of all, you can enjoy these riches every day of your life.¡± 
¡ª Walt Disney
¡°My alma mater was books, a good library.... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.¡± 
¡ª Malcolm X
¡°We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel... is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become.¡± 
¡ª Ursula K. Le Guin
¡°When asked, "How do you write?" I invariably answer, "One word at a time," and the answer is invariably dismissed. But that is all it is. It sounds too simple to be true, but consider the Great Wall of China, if you will: one stone at a time, man. That's all. One stone at a time. But I've read you can see that motherfucker from space without a telescope.¡± 
¡ª Stephen King
"We read to know that we are not alone. 
- C.S. Lewis